Update text-to-speech.md (#3502)
Nexmo/nexmo-developer: _documentation/en/voice/voice-api/guides/text-to-speech.md

### Supported Languages

> **Where are "voice names"?**
> 

> > Previously, in order to set the desired language and voice style you had to set `voiceName` parameter with certain "name". You can continue using it unless you want to try another style or support new language. For your convenience, see [below](#legacy-voice-names) how voice names are mapped to `language` and `style`. Please note, not all the supported voices have corresponding `voiceName`; thus it's recommended to use `language` and `style` in all new or being updated apps. You can listen to the voice samples in the table below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Previously, in order to set the desired language and voice style, you used the `voiceName` parameter with a certain "name" as the value. The `voiceName` parameter has been deprecated, and while you can continue to use it, it will not contain new styles and languages. For your convenience, see [below](#legacy-voice-names) for a mapping of the legacy `voiceName` parameter to `language` and `style`. Please note, not all the supported styles have a corresponding `voiceName`; thus it's recommended to use `language` and `style` in your application or service. You can listen to the voice samples in the table below.
```
